Add knative-installer component (#1748)
kyma-project/kyma: components/knative-installer/README.md

## Knative installer

## Overview

> Knative is distributes as single YAML file with resources definitions. `knative-installer` containerizes the process to make it possible to install Knative with Kyma's installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knative is distributed as a single YAML file containing resource definitions. The Knative installer containerizes the process to allow the installation of Knative using the Kyma installer.
```

## Prerequisites

> Knative requires istio in `istio-system` namespace. It must be installed before `isito-kyma-patch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knative requires running Istio in the `istio-system` Namespace. It must be installed before `isito-kyma-patch` is applied.
```
